{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green0\blue63;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c31373\c0\c31373;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nonequilibrium Control of Cellular Organisation\cb1 \
\cb3 Affiliation: Simons Centre for the Study of Living Machines\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0National Centre for Biological Sciences - TIFR\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0Bangalore\cb1 \
\cb3 Abstract: A defining feature of eukaryotic cells is the appearance of well defined functional compartmentalisation in the form of membrane-bound organelles.\'a0Cellular compartments, such as the Endosomal or Golgi systems, are subject to stochastic trafficking that involves active\'a0fission and fusion of cargo vesicles. These are stable structures driven far from equilibrium. I will discuss our current ideas regarding the non equilibrium control of\'a0size, shape, spatial position and number of compartments, with special emphasis to the Golgi system.\
\
Short Bio: Prof. Madan Rao:\
\
Madan Rao is a theoretical physicist at the Simons Centre for the Study of Living Machines, National Centre for Biological Sciences (TIFR), Bangalore. He received his Ph.D from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore in 1989 and post-doctoral training at Simon Fraser University, Vancouver. Subsequently, he held positions at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai and Raman Research Institute, Bangalore.\'a0 His work spans the broad area of nonequilibrium statistical physics and soft matter.\'a0 He has contributed to the field of Active Matter from its inception, in particular its applications to cellular and tissue biophysics. His current research interests include how nonequilibrium processes facilitate information processing, computation and control within cells and tissues.\cb1 \
}